docs: create ALB with Gateway API instead of Ingress (#937)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: assets/kgw-docs/snippets/aws-alb-nlb.md

In general, using a {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/kgateway.md" >}} proxy with an AWS NLB is recommended, as NLBs provide more transport (L4) capabilities than AWS ALBs but no application (L7) capabilities. For example, you can configure the NLB for TLS passthrough and terminate TLS traffic on the gateway. You can also terminate traffic at the NLB and configure the NLB with a certificate that is used to secure the connection from the NLB to the gateway proxy.

> ALBs can be useful if you want to use AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF) policies. Because TLS traffic is terminated at the ALB, you are responsible for securing the connection from the ALB to the {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/kgateway.md" >}} proxy. The AWS Load Balancer Controller supports the [creation of an ALB through the Kubernetes Gateway API](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/guide/gateway/l7gateway/) since v2.14.0. Before that version, the controller only supports the creation of an ALB through an Ingress Controller and not through the {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/k8s-gateway-api-name.md" >}}. Because of this, you must create the ALB separately through an Ingress resource that connects it to the service that exposes your gateway proxy.

Reviewer: Gateway API L7/ALB support was introduced in v2.14.0 as a beta that the upstream release notes explicitly call "not yet production-ready." It went GA only in v3.0.0 (Jan 2026). Can we change that version to 3.0.0 or later? Especially since it installs 3.4.3 later on.

> ALBs can be useful if you want to use AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF) policies. Because TLS traffic is terminated at the ALB, you are responsible for securing the connection from the ALB to the {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/kgateway.md" >}} proxy. The AWS Load Balancer Controller supports the [creation of an ALB through the Kubernetes Gateway API](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/guide/gateway/l7gateway/) since v2.14.0. Before that version, the controller only supports the creation of an ALB through an Ingress Controller and not through the {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/k8s-gateway-api-name.md" >}}. Because of this, you must create the ALB separately through an Ingress resource that connects it to the service that exposes your gateway proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALBs can be useful if you want to use AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF) policies. Because TLS traffic is terminated at the ALB, you are responsible for securing the connection from the ALB to the {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/kgateway.md" >}} proxy. The AWS Load Balancer Controller supports the [creation of an ALB through the Kubernetes Gateway API](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/guide/gateway/l7gateway/) since v3.0.0. Before that version, the controller only supported the creation of an ALB through an Ingress Controller and not through the {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/k8s-gateway-api-name.md" >}}. Because of this, you must create the ALB separately through an Ingress resource that connects it to the service that exposes your gateway proxy.
```
